Add Rust interview with Florent Bécart from Nikulipe (#5601)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-06-12-this-week-in-rust.md

### Project/Tooling Updates

### Observations/Thoughts

> * [video] [Full-stack development of a B2B payment infrastructure with Rust - with Florent Bécart](https://youtu.be/RA-r4F4ZmXM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [video] [Full-stack development of a B2B payment infrastructure with Rust - with Florent Bécart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA-r4F4ZmXM)
```
